corrected sentence (#7220)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/presence-admins.md

|| ![Open gray circle, indicates status unknown](media/Presence_Unknown.png) Status unknown|
|| ![Purple circle with arrow, indicates Out of office](media/Presence_OOF.png) Out of Office. Out of Office is used when an automatic reply is set. (Available in Outlook only.) |
|||
 > [!NOTE]

>  > For users whose mailboxes are hosted on-premises, it is expected to have presence delays of a maximum of an hour.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 > For users whose mailboxes are hosted on-premises, it is expected to have presence delays of a maximum of an hour.
 
```

|| ![Purple circle with arrow, indicates Out of office](media/Presence_OOF.png) Out of Office. Out of Office is used when an automatic reply is set. (Available in Outlook only.) |
|||

>  > [!Note]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 > [!NOTE]
```

>  > For users that their mailbox is hosted on-premises, it is expected to have presence delays with a maximum of an hour.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 > For users whose mailboxes are hosted on-premises, it is expected to have presence delays of a maximum of an hour.
```
